Port pipeline to DSL2 (#110)
nf-core/bcellmagic: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [2.0.0dev] - date

### :warning: Major enhancements

* The pipeline has been ported to Nextflow DSL2
* Analysis of TCR repertoires is now also supported
* Added Rmarkdown report with a summary of the repertoire analysis
* Analysis of data with RACE 5' protocol is now supported
* Scripts to download and build new versions of the IMGT database have been added
* Improvement of UMI handling and possibility to exchange position of C and V-primers

> * Updated to new versions of Immcantation Framework, giving support to AIRR format

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated to new versions of Immcantation Framework, providing support for the AIRR format
```

### `Added`

* [#69](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/69): Template update to nf-core tools v1.10.2
* [#69](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/69): Added parameter json schema
* [#74](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/74): Added possibility of setting UMI start position and better UMI docs
* [#85](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/85): Added primer handling params: `--vprimer_start`, `--cprimer_start`, `--primer_mask_mode`, `--primer_maxeror`, `--primer_consensus`
* [#85](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/85): Added support for TCR data with params: `--loci`
* [#85](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/85): Added support for mice data and possibility for other species with params: `--species`
* [#85](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/85): Added support for 5' RACE technology with params: `--protocol`, `--race_linker`
* [#87](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/87): Added tests for TCR data
* [#102](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/102): Added param `--protocol`.
* [#102](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/102): Added support for C-primer in any R1 or R2 with param `--cprimer_position`.

> * [#102](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/102): Bump versions to 2.0 and NXF 21.04.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#102](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/102): Bump versions to 2.0 and NXF 21.04.1.
```

* [#75](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/75): Assemble process shorten filename to avoid error due to too long filename
* [#87](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/87): Order sequence logs by sample ID.
* [#104](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/104): Fix bug in pairseq barcode copy before consensus.
* [#114](https://github.com/nf-core/bcellmagic/pull/114): Analysis not restricted to Ig heavy chains.

### `Dependencies`

Note, since the pipeline is now using Nextflow DSL2, each process will be run with its own [Biocontainer](https://biocontainers.pro/#/registry). This means that on occasion it is entirely possible for the pipeline to be using different versions of the same tool. However, the overall software dependency changes compared to the last release have been listed below for reference.

| Dependency   | Old version | New version |
|--------------|-------------|-------------|
| Python       | v3.6.11     | 3.8.0,3.0.3 |
| markdown     | v3.1.1      |             |
| muscle       | v3.8.1551   |             |
| vsearch      | v2.11.1     |             |
| fastqc       | 0.11.8      | 0.11.9      |

> | multiqc      | 1.9         | 1.9         |

Reviewer: Could update to latest release here without breaking anything, e.g. multiqc == 1.11
